---
title: "2023-06-24: Dream"
date: 2023-06-24
description: "I’m just dangling there. Innocent. Clueless.  
You tied my collar to the ceiling hook, with my arms behind my back. You stripped me naked, gagged and blindfolded me."
tags: [dream]
author: Laura
---

I’m just dangling there. Innocent. Clueless. 
You tied my collar to the ceiling hook, with my arms behind my back. You stripped me naked, gagged and blindfolded me. Music is playing through the noise cancelling headphones in my ear. 

You told me you invited some friends, but I have no idea who it is, how many are coming, what they will do. I am quite scared, yet very excited and dripping to find out...

So I’m just dangling there. I’ve lost sense of time almost immediately after you tied me up… it could have been hours since you put me there, or just five minutes…

Suddenly I cry out in pain! I feel that my nipple is pinched by clothes pin, hard. Almost immediately after I get choked without any warning, and the hands around my neck almost sweep me off the ground.

I feel hands pinching me all over my body, hands slapping my face and my butt and thighs. Another set of hands press the wand right at my clit! My hands are getting freed just to be tied again above my head.

This all feels so overwhelming for me that I don’t even have the capacity to scream! I my body just moved on its own because of pleasure and pain.  

This goes on for a while until an earth shattering orgasm rips through my body and makes me scream my lungs out. All the pinching and pleasuring and pain abruptly stops, as if on command. I'm left hanging, with shuddering muscles, sweating and dripping.

A few minutes later you remove my restraints. I can smell that it's you, and I fall into your caring arms while you put me into bed and remove blindfold and gag. You snuggle up next to me and kiss me until I fall asleep...